README.md, before:

# JMeter Performance Testing Project

This repository contains various JMeter test plans demonstrating different concepts and features of Apache JMeter for performance testing.

## Table of Contents
- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Test Plans](#test-plans)
- [JMeter Concepts](#jmeter-concepts)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Best Practices](#best-practices)

## Project Overview

This project serves as a comprehensive learning resource for Apache JMeter, containing multiple test plans that demonstrate various performance testing concepts. Each test plan focuses on specific JMeter features and can be used as a reference for creating your own performance tests.

## Test Plans

### 1. BasicJmeter.jmx
A fundamental test plan demonstrating basic JMeter concepts:
- Thread Group configuration with 10 concurrent users
- 3-second ramp-up time
- HTTP request to www.pavanonlinetrainings.com
- Result collectors for test analysis
- Basic test structure and configuration

### 2. TimerConceptJmeter.jmx
Demonstrates the implementation of timers in JMeter:
- Various timer types and their usage
- Adding delays between requests
- Simulating real user behavior
- Controlling request timing

### 3. LoopController.jmx
Shows how to implement loop controllers:
- Repeating test scenarios
- Loop count configuration
- Nested loop structures
- Loop controller properties

### 4. RecordingIn Jmeter.jmx
Demonstrates JMeter's recording capabilities:
- HTTP(S) Test Script Recorder usage
- Recording real user actions
- Converting recorded actions to test plans
- Proxy configuration

## JMeter Concepts

### 1. Thread Groups
- **Purpose**: Simulates multiple users accessing the application
- **Key Properties**:
  - Number of Threads (Users)
  - Ramp-up Period
  - Loop Count
  - Scheduler Configuration

### 2. Samplers
- **Types**:
  - HTTP Request
  - FTP Request
  - JDBC Request
  - JMS Request
  - SOAP/XML-RPC Request
- **Configuration**:
  - Protocol
  - Server Name
  - Path
  - Method
  - Parameters

### 3. Listeners
- **Purpose**: Collect and display test results
- **Common Types**:
  - View Results Tree
  - View Results in Table
  - Aggregate Report
  - Graph Results
  - Summary Report

### 4. Timers
- **Purpose**: Add delays between requests
- **Types**:
  - Constant Timer
  - Gaussian Random Timer
  - Uniform Random Timer
  - Poisson Random Timer
  - Synchronizing Timer

### 5. Controllers
- **Types**:
  - Loop Controller
  - Transaction Controller
  - Simple Controller
  - Random Controller
  - Interleave Controller

### 6. Assertions
- **Purpose**: Validate response data
- **Types**:
  - Response Assertion
  - JSON Assertion
  - XML Assertion
  - HTML Assertion
  - Size Assertion

### 7. Pre/Post Processors
- **Purpose**: Modify requests/responses
- **Types**:
  - Regular Expression Extractor
  - JSON Extractor
  - XPath Extractor
  - JSR223 Pre/Post Processor

## Getting Started

1. **Prerequisites**:
   - Java JDK 8 or higher
   - Apache JMeter 5.6.3 or higher

2. **Installation**:
   ```bash
   # Download JMeter
   wget https://dlcdn.apache.org//jmeter/binaries/apache-jmeter-5.6.3.tgz
   
   # Extract
   tar -xzf apache-jmeter-5.6.3.tgz
   
   # Run JMeter
   cd apache-jmeter-5.6.3/bin
   ./jmeter
   ```

3. **Running Test Plans**:
   - Open JMeter GUI
   - Load the desired .jmx file
   - Configure test parameters
   - Run the test

## Best Practices

1. **Test Planning**:
   - Define clear test objectives
   - Identify test scenarios
   - Set performance requirements
   - Plan test data

2. **Test Design**:
   - Use meaningful names for test elements
   - Organize test plans logically
   - Include proper assertions
   - Add appropriate timers

3. **Test Execution**:
   - Start with small user loads
   - Gradually increase load
   - Monitor system resources
   - Save test results

4. **Result Analysis**:
   - Review response times
   - Check error rates
   - Analyze throughput
   - Identify bottlenecks

5. **Performance Metrics**:
   - Response Time
   - Throughput
   - Error Rate
   - CPU Usage
   - Memory Usage
   - Network I/O

## Additional Resources

1. **Official Documentation**:
   - [Apache JMeter Documentation](https://jmeter.apache.org/usermanual/index.html)
   - [JMeter User Manual](https://jmeter.apache.org/usermanual/get-started.html)

2. **Learning Resources**:
   - JMeter Tutorials
   - Performance Testing Blogs
   - Online Courses
   - Community Forums

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by:
1. Adding new test plans
2. Improving existing documentation
3. Reporting issues
4. Suggesting enhancements

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Add a test line to README.md for push demonstration

README.md, after:

# JMeter Performance Testing Project

This repository contains various JMeter test plans demonstrating different concepts and features of Apache JMeter for performance testing.

## Table of Contents
- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Test Plans](#test-plans)
- [JMeter Concepts](#jmeter-concepts)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Best Practices](#best-practices)

## Project Overview
 

This project serves as a comprehensive learning resource for Apache JMeter, containing multiple test plans that demonstrate various performance testing concepts. Each test plan focuses on specific JMeter features and can be used as a reference for creating your own performance tests.

## Test Plans

### 1. BasicJmeter.jmx
A fundamental test plan demonstrating basic JMeter concepts:
- Thread Group configuration with 10 concurrent users
- 3-second ramp-up time
- HTTP request to www.pavanonlinetrainings.com
- Result collectors for test analysis
- Basic test structure and configuration

### 2. TimerConceptJmeter.jmx
Demonstrates the implementation of timers in JMeter:
- Various timer types and their usage
- Adding delays between requests
- Simulating real user behavior
- Controlling request timing

### 3. LoopController.jmx
Shows how to implement loop controllers:
- Repeating test scenarios
- Loop count configuration
- Nested loop structures
- Loop controller properties

### 4. RecordingIn Jmeter.jmx
Demonstrates JMeter's recording capabilities:
- HTTP(S) Test Script Recorder usage
- Recording real user actions
- Converting recorded actions to test plans
- Proxy configuration

## JMeter Concepts

### 1. Thread Groups
- **Purpose**: Simulates multiple users accessing the application
- **Key Properties**:
  - Number of Threads (Users)
  - Ramp-up Period
  - Loop Count
  - Scheduler Configuration

### 2. Samplers
- **Types**:
  - HTTP Request
  - FTP Request
  - JDBC Request
  - JMS Request
  - SOAP/XML-RPC Request
- **Configuration**:
  - Protocol
  - Server Name
  - Path
  - Method
  - Parameters

### 3. Listeners
- **Purpose**: Collect and display test results
- **Common Types**:
  - View Results Tree
  - View Results in Table
  - Aggregate Report
  - Graph Results
  - Summary Report

### 4. Timers
- **Purpose**: Add delays between requests
- **Types**:
  - Constant Timer
  - Gaussian Random Timer
  - Uniform Random Timer
  - Poisson Random Timer
  - Synchronizing Timer

### 5. Controllers
- **Types**:
  - Loop Controller
  - Transaction Controller
  - Simple Controller
  - Random Controller
  - Interleave Controller

### 6. Assertions
- **Purpose**: Validate response data
- **Types**:
  - Response Assertion
  - JSON Assertion
  - XML Assertion
  - HTML Assertion
  - Size Assertion

### 7. Pre/Post Processors
- **Purpose**: Modify requests/responses
- **Types**:
  - Regular Expression Extractor
  - JSON Extractor
  - XPath Extractor
  - JSR223 Pre/Post Processor

## Getting Started

1. **Prerequisites**:
   - Java JDK 8 or higher
   - Apache JMeter 5.6.3 or higher

2. **Installation**:
   ```bash
   # Download JMeter
   wget https://dlcdn.apache.org//jmeter/binaries/apache-jmeter-5.6.3.tgz
   
   # Extract
   tar -xzf apache-jmeter-5.6.3.tgz
   
   # Run JMeter
   cd apache-jmeter-5.6.3/bin
   ./jmeter
   ```

3. **Running Test Plans**:
   - Open JMeter GUI
   - Load the desired .jmx file
   - Configure test parameters
   - Run the test

## Best Practices

1. **Test Planning**:
   - Define clear test objectives
   - Identify test scenarios
   - Set performance requirements
   - Plan test data

2. **Test Design**:
   - Use meaningful names for test elements
   - Organize test plans logically
   - Include proper assertions
   - Add appropriate timers

3. **Test Execution**:
   - Start with small user loads
   - Gradually increase load
   - Monitor system resources
   - Save test results

4. **Result Analysis**:
   - Review response times
   - Check error rates
   - Analyze throughput
   - Identify bottlenecks

5. **Performance Metrics**:
   - Response Time
   - Throughput
   - Error Rate
   - CPU Usage
   - Memory Usage
   - Network I/O

## Additional Resources

1. **Official Documentation**:
   - [Apache JMeter Documentation](https://jmeter.apache.org/usermanual/index.html)
   - [JMeter User Manual](https://jmeter.apache.org/usermanual/get-started.html)

2. **Learning Resources**:
   - JMeter Tutorials
   - Performance Testing Blogs
   - Online Courses
   - Community Forums

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by:
1. Adding new test plans
2. Improving existing documentation
3. Reporting issues
4. Suggesting enhancements

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 - see the LICENSE file for details.

This line was added as a test change for git push demonstration.
